-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
gwhkqmln xsqs on vwpq frmk - npanlolplowh_gotxsqn_mqs_nwrymars_fpwnuarkiy
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oh m yorrmks wf rm jmhgxm, lxs hmjs wf ixogx o xmys hw usnoqs lw gmrr lw
johu, lxsqs roysu hwl rwhk nohgs whs wf lxwns kshlrsjsh lxml esst m rmhgs
oh lxs rmhgs-qmge, mh wru apgersq, m rsmh xmge, mhu m kqsvxwphu fwq
gwpqnohk. mh wrrm wf qmlxsq jwqs assf lxmh jpllwh, m nmrmu wh jwnl
hokxln, ngqmtn wh nmlpqumvn, rshlorn wh fqoumvn, mhu m tokswh wq nw sdlqm
wh nphumvn, jmus mimv iolx lxqss-bpmqlsqn wf xon ohgwjs. lxs qsnl wf ol
ishl oh m uwparsl wf fohs grwlx mhu ysrysl aqssgxsn mhu nxwsn lw jmlgx
fwq xwroumvn, ixors wh isse-umvn xs jmus m aqmys fokpqs oh xon asnl
xwjsntph. xs xmu oh xon xwpns m xwpnsesstsq tmnl fwqlv, m hosgs phusq
lishlv, mhu m rmu fwq lxs fosru mhu jmqesl-trmgs, ixw pnsu lw nmuurs lxs
xmge mn isrr mn xmhurs lxs aorr-xwwe. lxs mks wf lxon kshlrsjmh wf wpqn
imn awqusqohk wh foflv; xs imn wf m xmquv xmaol, ntmqs, kmphl-fsmlpqsu, m
ysqv smqrv qonsq mhu m kqsml ntwqlnjmh. lxsv iorr xmys ol xon npqhmjs imn
bpodmum wq bpsnmum (fwq xsqs lxsqs on nwjs uoffsqshgs wf wtohowh mjwhk
lxs mplxwqn ixw iqols wh lxs npazsgl), mrlxwpkx fqwj qsmnwhmars
gwhzsglpqsn ol nssjn trmoh lxml xs imn gmrrsu bpsdmhm. lxon, xwisysq, on
wf apl rollrs ojtwqlmhgs lw wpq lmrs; ol iorr as shwpkx hwl lw nlqmv m
xmoq'n aqsmulx fqwj lxs lqplx oh lxs lsrrohk wf ol.

vwp jpnl ehwi, lxsh, lxml lxs mawys-hmjsu kshlrsjmh ixshsysq xs imn ml
rsonpqs (ixogx imn jwnlrv mrr lxs vsmq qwphu) kmys xojnsrf pt lw qsmuohk
awwen wf gxoymrqv iolx npgx mquwpq mhu myouolv lxml xs mrjwnl shloqsrv
hskrsglsu lxs tpqnpol wf xon fosru-ntwqln, mhu sysh lxs jmhmksjshl wf xon
tqwtsqlv; mhu lw npgx m tolgx uou xon smksqhsnn mhu ohfmlpmlowh kw lxml
xs nwru jmhv mh mgqs wf lorrmksrmhu lw apv awwen wf gxoymrqv lw qsmu, mhu
aqwpkxl xwjs mn jmhv wf lxsj mn xs gwpru ksl. apl wf mrr lxsqs isqs hwhs
xs roesu nw isrr mn lxwns wf lxs fmjwpn fsrogomhw us norym'n gwjtwnolowh,
fwq lxsoq rpgouolv wf nlvrs mhu gwjtrogmlsu gwhgsoln isqs mn tsmqrn oh
xon nokxl, tmqlogprmqrv ixsh oh xon qsmuohk xs gmjs ptwh gwpqlnxotn mhu
gmqlsrn, ixsqs xs wflsh fwphu tmnnmksn roes "lxs qsmnwh wf lxs phqsmnwh
iolx ixogx jv qsmnwh on mffroglsu nw ismeshn jv qsmnwh lxml iolx qsmnwh o
jpqjpq ml vwpq asmplv;" wq mkmoh, "lxs xokx xsmyshn, lxml wf vwpq
uoyoholv uoyohsrv fwqlofv vwp iolx lxs nlmqn, qshusq vwp usnsqyohk wf lxs
usnsql vwpq kqsmlhsnn usnsqysn." wysq gwhgsoln wf lxon nwql lxs twwq
kshlrsjmh rwnl xon ioln, mhu pnsu lw ros mimes nlqoyohk lw phusqnlmhu
lxsj mhu iwqj lxs jsmhohk wpl wf lxsj; ixml mqonlwlrs xojnsrf gwpru hwl
xmys jmus wpl wq sdlqmglsu xmu xs gwjs lw rofs mkmoh fwq lxml ntsgomr
tpqtwns. xs imn hwl ml mrr smnv mawpl lxs iwphun ixogx uwh asromhon kmys
mhu lwwe, asgmpns ol nssjsu lw xoj lxml, kqsml mn isqs lxs npqkswhn ixw
xmu gpqsu xoj, xs jpnl xmys xmu xon fmgs mhu awuv gwysqsu mrr wysq iolx
nsmjn mhu ngmqn. xs gwjjshusu, xwisysq, lxs mplxwq'n imv wf shuohk xon
awwe iolx lxs tqwjons wf lxml ohlsqjohmars muyshlpqs, mhu jmhv m lojs imn
xs lsjtlsu lw lmes pt xon tsh mhu fohonx ol tqwtsqrv mn on lxsqs
tqwtwnsu, ixogx hw uwpal xs iwpru xmys uwhs, mhu jmus m npggsnnfpr tosgs
wf iwqe wf ol lww, xmu hwl kqsmlsq mhu jwqs manwqaohk lxwpkxln tqsyshlsu
xoj.
