-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
nrudpxel ozpz al trjp wmxd - ljqleaejearu_nasozpl_xpz_lrmvxqmz_wjrlbqmdiv
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
au x vammxdz rw mx cxunox, eoz uxcz rw ioano a oxvz ur bzlapz er nxmm er
caub, eozpz mavzb ure mrud launz ruz rw eorlz dzuemzczu eoxe hzzs x mxunz
au eoz mxunz-pxnh, xu rmb qjnhmzp, x mzxu oxnh, xub x dpztorjub wrp
nrjplaud. xu rmmx rw pxeozp crpz qzzw eoxu cjeeru, x lxmxb ru crle
uadoel, lnpxsl ru lxejpbxtl, mzueaml ru wpabxtl, xub x sadzru rp lr zkepx
ru ljubxtl, cxbz xixt iaeo eopzz-yjxpezpl rw oal aunrcz. eoz pzle rw ae
izue au x brjqmze rw wauz nmreo xub vzmvze qpzznozl xub lorzl er cxeno
wrp ormabxtl, ioamz ru izzh-bxtl oz cxbz x qpxvz wadjpz au oal qzle
orczlsju. oz oxb au oal orjlz x orjlzhzzszp sxle wrpet, x uaznz jubzp
eizuet, xub x mxb wrp eoz wazmb xub cxphze-smxnz, ior jlzb er lxbbmz eoz
oxnh xl izmm xl oxubmz eoz qamm-orrh. eoz xdz rw eoal dzuemzcxu rw rjpl
ixl qrpbzpaud ru wawet; oz ixl rw x oxpbt oxqae, lsxpz, dxjue-wzxejpzb, x
vzpt zxpmt palzp xub x dpzxe lsrpelcxu. eozt iamm oxvz ae oal ljpuxcz ixl
yjakxbx rp yjzlxbx (wrp ozpz eozpz al lrcz bawwzpzunz rw rsauaru xcrud
eoz xjeorpl ior ipaez ru eoz ljqgzne), xmeorjdo wprc pzxlruxqmz
nrugznejpzl ae lzzcl smxau eoxe oz ixl nxmmzb yjzkxux. eoal, orizvzp, al
rw qje maeemz acsrpexunz er rjp exmz; ae iamm qz zurjdo ure er lepxt x
oxap'l qpzxbeo wprc eoz epjeo au eoz ezmmaud rw ae.

trj cjle huri, eozu, eoxe eoz xqrvz-uxczb dzuemzcxu iozuzvzp oz ixl xe
mzaljpz (ioano ixl crlemt xmm eoz tzxp prjub) dxvz oaclzmw js er pzxbaud
qrrhl rw noavxmpt iaeo ljno xpbrjp xub xvabaet eoxe oz xmcrle zueapzmt
uzdmznezb eoz sjpljae rw oal wazmb-lsrpel, xub zvzu eoz cxuxdzczue rw oal
sprszpet; xub er ljno x saeno bab oal zxdzpuzll xub auwxejxearu dr eoxe
oz lrmb cxut xu xnpz rw eammxdzmxub er qjt qrrhl rw noavxmpt er pzxb, xub
qprjdoe orcz xl cxut rw eozc xl oz nrjmb dze. qje rw xmm eozpz izpz uruz
oz mahzb lr izmm xl eorlz rw eoz wxcrjl wzmanaxur bz lamvx'l nrcsrlaearu,
wrp eozap mjnabaet rw letmz xub nrcsmanxezb nrunzael izpz xl szxpml au
oal ladoe, sxpeanjmxpmt iozu au oal pzxbaud oz nxcz jsru nrjpeloasl xub
nxpezml, iozpz oz rwezu wrjub sxllxdzl mahz "eoz pzxlru rw eoz jupzxlru
iaeo ioano ct pzxlru al xwwmanezb lr izxhzul ct pzxlru eoxe iaeo pzxlru a
cjpcjp xe trjp qzxjet;" rp xdxau, "eoz oado ozxvzul, eoxe rw trjp
bavauaet bavauzmt wrpeawt trj iaeo eoz lexpl, pzubzp trj bzlzpvaud rw eoz
bzlzpe trjp dpzxeuzll bzlzpvzl." rvzp nrunzael rw eoal lrpe eoz srrp
dzuemzcxu mrle oal iael, xub jlzb er maz xixhz lepavaud er jubzplexub
eozc xub irpc eoz czxuaud rje rw eozc; ioxe xpaleremz oaclzmw nrjmb ure
oxvz cxbz rje rp zkepxnezb oxb oz nrcz er mawz xdxau wrp eoxe lsznaxm
sjpsrlz. oz ixl ure xe xmm zxlt xqrje eoz irjubl ioano bru qzmaxual dxvz
xub errh, qznxjlz ae lzzczb er oac eoxe, dpzxe xl izpz eoz ljpdzrul ior
oxb njpzb oac, oz cjle oxvz oxb oal wxnz xub qrbt nrvzpzb xmm rvzp iaeo
lzxcl xub lnxpl. oz nrcczubzb, orizvzp, eoz xjeorp'l ixt rw zubaud oal
qrrh iaeo eoz sprcalz rw eoxe auezpcauxqmz xbvzuejpz, xub cxut x eacz ixl
oz ezcsezb er exhz js oal szu xub waualo ae sprszpmt xl al eozpz
sprsrlzb, ioano ur brjqe oz irjmb oxvz bruz, xub cxbz x ljnnzllwjm saznz
rw irph rw ae err, oxb ure dpzxezp xub crpz xqlrpqaud eorjdoel spzvzuezb
oac.
