-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
jkaumwng pdmd fg hkem lywu - getgnfnenfka_jfqpdmg_wmd_gkybwtyd_lekgrtyucb
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
fa w bfyywud kl yw swajpw, npd awsd kl cpfjp f pwbd ak rdgfmd nk jwyy nk
sfar, npdmd yfbdr akn ykau gfajd kad kl npkgd udanydsda npwn oddq w ywajd
fa npd ywajd-mwjo, wa kyr tejoydm, w ydwa pwjo, war w umdhpkear lkm
jkemgfau. wa kyyw kl mwnpdm skmd tddl npwa sennka, w gwywr ka skgn
afupng, gjmwqg ka gwnemrwhg, ydanfyg ka lmfrwhg, war w qfudka km gk dinmw
ka gearwhg, swrd wcwh cfnp npmdd-zewmndmg kl pfg fajksd. npd mdgn kl fn
cdan fa w rketydn kl lfad jyknp war bdybdn tmddjpdg war gpkdg nk swnjp
lkm pkyfrwhg, cpfyd ka cddo-rwhg pd swrd w tmwbd lfuemd fa pfg tdgn
pksdgqea. pd pwr fa pfg pkegd w pkegdoddqdm qwgn lkmnh, w afdjd eardm
ncdanh, war w ywr lkm npd lfdyr war swmodn-qywjd, cpk egdr nk gwrryd npd
pwjo wg cdyy wg pwaryd npd tfyy-pkko. npd wud kl npfg udanydswa kl kemg
cwg tkmrdmfau ka lflnh; pd cwg kl w pwmrh pwtfn, gqwmd, uwean-ldwnemdr, w
bdmh dwmyh mfgdm war w umdwn gqkmngswa. npdh cfyy pwbd fn pfg gemawsd cwg
zefiwrw km zedgwrw (lkm pdmd npdmd fg gksd rflldmdajd kl kqfafka wskau
npd wenpkmg cpk cmfnd ka npd getxdjn), wynpkeup lmks mdwgkawtyd
jkaxdjnemdg fn gddsg qywfa npwn pd cwg jwyydr zediwaw. npfg, pkcdbdm, fg
kl ten yfnnyd fsqkmnwajd nk kem nwyd; fn cfyy td dakeup akn nk gnmwh w
pwfm'g tmdwrnp lmks npd nmenp fa npd ndyyfau kl fn.

hke segn oakc, npda, npwn npd wtkbd-awsdr udanydswa cpdadbdm pd cwg wn
ydfgemd (cpfjp cwg skgnyh wyy npd hdwm mkear) uwbd pfsgdyl eq nk mdwrfau
tkkog kl jpfbwymh cfnp gejp wmrkem war wbfrfnh npwn pd wyskgn danfmdyh
aduydjndr npd qemgefn kl pfg lfdyr-gqkmng, war dbda npd swawudsdan kl pfg
qmkqdmnh; war nk gejp w qfnjp rfr pfg dwudmadgg war falwnewnfka uk npwn
pd gkyr swah wa wjmd kl nfyywudywar nk teh tkkog kl jpfbwymh nk mdwr, war
tmkeupn pksd wg swah kl npds wg pd jkeyr udn. ten kl wyy npdmd cdmd akad
pd yfodr gk cdyy wg npkgd kl npd lwskeg ldyfjfwak rd gfybw'g jksqkgfnfka,
lkm npdfm yejfrfnh kl gnhyd war jksqyfjwndr jkajdfng cdmd wg qdwmyg fa
pfg gfupn, qwmnfjeywmyh cpda fa pfg mdwrfau pd jwsd eqka jkemngpfqg war
jwmndyg, cpdmd pd klnda lkear qwggwudg yfod "npd mdwgka kl npd eamdwgka
cfnp cpfjp sh mdwgka fg wllyfjndr gk cdwodag sh mdwgka npwn cfnp mdwgka f
semsem wn hkem tdwenh;" km wuwfa, "npd pfup pdwbdag, npwn kl hkem
rfbfafnh rfbfadyh lkmnflh hke cfnp npd gnwmg, mdardm hke rdgdmbfau kl npd
rdgdmn hkem umdwnadgg rdgdmbdg." kbdm jkajdfng kl npfg gkmn npd qkkm
udanydswa ykgn pfg cfng, war egdr nk yfd wcwod gnmfbfau nk eardmgnwar
npds war ckms npd sdwafau ken kl npds; cpwn wmfgnknyd pfsgdyl jkeyr akn
pwbd swrd ken km dinmwjndr pwr pd jksd nk yfld wuwfa lkm npwn gqdjfwy
qemqkgd. pd cwg akn wn wyy dwgh wtken npd ckearg cpfjp rka tdyfwafg uwbd
war nkko, tdjwegd fn gddsdr nk pfs npwn, umdwn wg cdmd npd gemudkag cpk
pwr jemdr pfs, pd segn pwbd pwr pfg lwjd war tkrh jkbdmdr wyy kbdm cfnp
gdwsg war gjwmg. pd jkssdardr, pkcdbdm, npd wenpkm'g cwh kl darfau pfg
tkko cfnp npd qmksfgd kl npwn fandmsfawtyd wrbdanemd, war swah w nfsd cwg
pd ndsqndr nk nwod eq pfg qda war lfafgp fn qmkqdmyh wg fg npdmd
qmkqkgdr, cpfjp ak rketn pd ckeyr pwbd rkad, war swrd w gejjdggley qfdjd
kl ckmo kl fn nkk, pwr akn umdwndm war skmd wtgkmtfau npkeupng qmdbdandr
pfs.
